1.    IN the below elements which of them are values or an expression?
   ex:-values can be an integer or string and expressions will be mathematical
    operators.

    solution:-
              
                 * - expression
                 " hello" - value
                -87.8 - values
                - - expression 
                / - expression  

                +  - expression

                6 - value

2.  what is the difference between string and variable?

    solution:- 

              string can be written in quotes as mention
               "arshita" (or) 'arshita'

               arshita is a thing which helps in holding a data in entity.

3.  deacribe three different data forms ?

         solution :- 
                   int, float, list,complex

4. what is an expression made up of? what do all expressions do?

                  solution:-

                         expression is made of values,containers , and mathematical operators

5. this assignment statements ,like spam = what is difference between an expression and a satement?
 
         solution :- 
                       as we discussed above , expressions are values,containers, and mathematical operators.
                              where as , satements is like a coomand which python executes like list.


6. after running the followng code, what does the variable bacon contain?

                      'spam'+'spamspam' 'spam'*3
                            same

8. why is eggs a valid vriable name while 100 is ivaild?
      
       solution:-
               because we can't give a intger name to a variable.

9. what three functions can be used to get the intger , floating -point number , or string version of a value?

    solution;- 
                 string()int9()float()

10. why doesthis expression cause an error? how can you fix it?

          i have eaten '+ 99+'buttons'
      soluton:-

                  because 99 is a intger it can not be connected with strings.
                        typecasting should be done.